1	Advisory Fundamentals	"To introduce new graduates to the nature of the IT Advisory practice and its functions, services and core processes. This course also covers a range of soft skills and includes team dynamics and role-playing as a means of orientating new graduates to our practice."	"This course introduces graduates to ITA core process, functions and services. It also covers a range of soft skills including team dynamics ."	https://portal.ema.kworld.kpmg.com/africa/LnD/Pages/default.aspx	January each year	L&D	Classroom based	None	updated	Updated
2	CAATS	The course objective is to provide a basic understanding on the principles of CAATs and the use of the audit tool IDEA. The course also highlights the documents and filing structure to be used in CAATs assignments	The course highlights the documents and filling structure to be used in CAATs assignments	NA	"Annually, depending on number of delegates.  "	iTeam	Classroom based	None	updated	NA
3	ITRACA	"The objective of the ITRACA training is to equip attendees to effectively perform fieldwork for ITRACA engagements, covering the following modules:, - Management of IT, - Continuity of Systems, - Physical Access and Enviromental Control, - Security of Information Systems, -System Development and Change Management, - Control Assurance"	The ITRACA methodology is designed to facilitate the assessment of the IT risk faced by an organisation in relation to the appropriate mitigating controls implemented by management.	NA	"Annually, depending on number of delegates.  "	GAP	Classroom based	None	updated	NA
4	IT EA Basics	"Enables participants to understand the key activities performed within each phase of the KPMG audit workflow, in addition to adding value to the role IT Advisory plays in External Audit.  The course enabkes one to understand the relationship between iT General controls, assess IT controls in line with audit requirements.  It will teach the participants to complete the appropriate elements of the Global Working papers in accordance with the policy on IT Advisory involvement in the External Audit  and the appropriate documentation of these in eAudit."	It will teach the participants to complete the appropriate elements of the Global Working papers in accordance with the policy on ITA involvement in the External Audit and the documentation of these in eAudit.	NA	"Annually, depending on number of delegates.  "	iTeam	Classroom based	None	updated	NA
5	IT IA Basics	"An introduction to IT Internal Audit covering methodologies, tools, standards and intergration with IARCS and other ITA service lines"	"This course will enable the attendees to effectively perform fieldwork for Internal Audit engagements, coveing the following modules:, -Assurance Defined, -What is Internal Audit?, -Overview of Internal Audit, -Understanding Risk, -Understanding Controls, -Internal Audit Methodology, - IA Methodology (Execution), - General IT Controls, - Application Controls, - Infrastructure Controls, -IT Project Assurance"	NA	"Annually, depending on number of delegates.  "	IT IA	Classroom based	None	updated	NA
6	Introduction to SAP	"This will provide an intriduction to SAP, this will include how to test controls for a SAP GITC."	"This course will cover areas such as the different SAP modules, basic SAP navigation, running SAP reports, extracting data from SAP, authorisation concepts, Introduction to the Basis module."	NA	"Annually, depending on number of delegates.  "	GAP	Classroom based	None	updated	NA
7	Application Controls	Incorporated in the IT EA Advanced training course. Please see details in of thie course in Compettence reference number 11	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
8	Process Analysis	"This course is designed to provide Advisory professionals with the foundations to perform process analysis including the skills and knowledge to define, identify, document and analyze a business process. As a result of this training, participants should increase their knowledge of KPMG tools and techniques that support execution of process analysis related to risks and controls, technology, people and process effectiveness. "	"Skills include define,identify, document and analyze a business process."	https://portal.ema.kworld.kpmg.com/africa/LnD/Pages/default.aspx	throughout the year	L&D	Classroom based	"IT Advisory staff are required to complete 5 supplementary eLearning courses:, (52) Base Processes: Fixed Assests, (53) Base Processes: Order to cash, (54) Base Processes: Payroll, (55) Base Processes: Record to report, (56) Base Processes: Purchase to pay, , "	updated	NA
9	IPBR Basics	"To introduce the basic concepts of security, privacy and continuity."	"Will provide skills for general security reviews, to supplement any ITA advisor"	NA	twice a year	IPBR	Classroom based	None	updated	NA
10	SAP Business Process Controls Assurance	To provide participants with a high level overview of the business process modules within SAP.	"Participants will understand the Business Process controls (inherent application controls, configurable controls, access controls and IT dependent controls) within the various SAP modules."	NA	Twice a year	CI-ERP Advisory 	Classroom based	(6)  Introduction to SAP or experience in performing application control reviews.	updated	NA
